Logstash monitoring doc improvements. (#16208)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/monitoring/monitoring-mb.asciidoc

You can use {metricbeat} to collect data about {ls} and ship it to the
monitoring cluster. The benefit of Metricbeat collection is that the monitoring
agent remains active even if the {ls} instance does not.

This step requires {ref}/configuring-metricbeat.html[{es} with {metricbeat} monitoring setup].

To collect and ship monitoring data:

. <<disable-default,Disable default collection of monitoring metrics>>

> . <<define-cluster__uuid,Specify the target `cluster_uuid`>>

Author: review note: intentionally removing _(optional)_ that LS metrics will not be displayed under the cluster with metricbeat monitoring.

==== Disable default collection of {ls} monitoring metrics

--

> Set the `monitoring.enabled` to `false` in logstash.yml to disable to default monitoring:

Author: I have never seen `monitoring.enabled: false` param in the logstash.yaml and I believe [`xpack.monitoring.enabled`](https://github.com/elastic/logstash/blob/main/config/logstash.yml#L341) is different although their functionality crosses.

Reviewer: If either `xpack.monitoring.enabled: false` or `monitoring.enabled: false` is explicitly set, then monitoring functionality will be disabled https://github.com/elastic/logstash/blob/efa83787a565064fbf2f4327741455f8863aefe2/x-pack/lib/monitoring/monitoring.rb#L160

Reviewer: But, yes, at one point when direct shipping was implemented, there was a move to using `monitoring.*` instead of `xpack.monitoring.*`, and I expect this is a fall out from then

[source,yaml]
----------------------------------
monitoring.enabled: false
----------------------------------

--

[float]
[[define-cluster__uuid]]

> ==== Define `cluster_uuid`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Determine target Elasticsearch cluster
```

> If your each pipeline contains <<plugins-outputs-elasticsearch,{es} output plugin>>,
> *Stack Monitoring* automatically figures out the `cluster_uuid` and no need to specify it.
> To bind the metrics of {ls} to a specific cluster, define the `monitoring.cluster_uuid`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to determine which Elasticsearch cluster that {ls} will bind metrics to in the Stack Monitoring UI by specifying the `cluster_uuid`.
When pipelines contain <<plugins-outputs-elasticsearch,{es} output plugins>>, the `cluster_uuid` is automatically calculated, and the metrics should be bound without any additional settings.

To override automatic values, or if your pipeline does not contain any <<plugins-outputs-elasticsearch,{es} output plugins>>, you can bind the metrics of {ls} to a specific cluster, by defining the target cluster in the `monitoring.cluster_uuid` setting.
```

Author: Awesome, thank you for this, much much better.

> in the configuration file (logstash.yml):

Author: review note: if any of pipelines don't define `es-output`, monitoring cluster becomes an orphan, so removing the _(optional)_.
